But employers and employees must do their part, as well, as they are \
    If you go back to the beginning of this country, the great strength \
    It has fallen to every generation since then to preserve that idea, \
this issue, studying it. And she and I are going to convene a White \
    We all gain when we give, and we reap what we sow. That's at the \
    Corporal Gregory Depestre went to Haiti as part of his adopted \
today is the smallest it has been in 30 years, and it's getting smaller \
out of our negotiations. I have learned a lot about the way both \
keep their health insurance coverage for a year while they look for \
work. And we can find a way--it may take some time, but we can find a \
Congressional Medal of Honor. All these years later, yesterday, here's \
know about the Gulf war. This treaty has been bipartisan from the \
every American deserves quality care.\
the Vice President for his leadership and the Congress for its support \
Republicans and Democrats view the debate before us. I have learned a \
changes in teaching to make, and which schools need to improve. They can \
Criminal gang members and drug dealers are destroying the lives of \
    This balanced budget includes the largest antidrug effort ever, to \
a constitutional amendment; we need action.\
information in very negative and aggressive ways that are hardly \
    All strong families begin with taking more responsibility for our \
Seattle, 32 percent. But we still have a long way to go before our \
of cyberspace. Think of this: The first time I made a State of the Union \
views.\
should pass a GI bill for America's workers. We propose to collapse \
important it is for parents to begin immediately talking, singing, even \
acting to prevent nuclear materials from falling into the wrong hands \
    Community policing also requires bonds of trust between citizens and \
smarter with crime, to help to lower that rate first. Well, if there \
should pass a GI bill for America's workers. We propose to collapse \
agencies to target gangs that involve juveniles and violent crime, and \
allies in Asia and Europe and new partners from Africa to India and \
foothold in the heavens, the international space station. With its vast \
make it and to make the most of their lives and their God-given \
can be proud of the fact that our country was rated as having the \
foothold for freedom, and at the age of 17, just a year older than his \
education. Now we must make our public elementary and secondary schools \
reconstruction and reconciliation to accelerate. Tonight I ask Congress \
different times: to Lincoln and to his Congress to preserve the Union \
have fought bravely in all our conflicts since: I salute your service \
in Little Rock to watch my daughter's league, and people would come up \
efforts to support the arts and humanities, I believe we should stand by \
    Rarely have Americans lived through so much change in so many ways \
engage in other appropriate sporting activities. I've done it since I \
the very first time, an undivided, democratic Europe. When Europe is \
reduce the role of special interests, create a level playing field \
lot about the good ideas that each side has that we could all embrace.\
and come back and support me if my grandparents hadn't been able to take \
corps, AmeriCorps. It passed with strong bipartisan support. And now \
give every American who works hard the chance to go to college.}